solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |                                  0*cm 0*cm -40*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | ff0000   |                Tube  |                        83*cm 140*cm 21.728*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_1  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_1  |                              0*cm 0*cm -21.616*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_2  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_2  |                              0*cm 0*cm -21.392*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_3  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_3  |                              0*cm 0*cm -21.168*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_4  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_4  |                              0*cm 0*cm -20.944*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_5  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_5  |                               0*cm 0*cm -20.72*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_6  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_6  |                              0*cm 0*cm -20.496*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_7  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_7  |                              0*cm 0*cm -20.272*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_8  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_8  |                              0*cm 0*cm -20.048*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_9  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_9  |                              0*cm 0*cm -19.824*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_10  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_10  |                                0*cm 0*cm -19.6*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_11  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_11  |                              0*cm 0*cm -19.376*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_12  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_12  |                              0*cm 0*cm -19.152*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_13  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_13  |                              0*cm 0*cm -18.928*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_14  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_14  |                              0*cm 0*cm -18.704*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_15  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_15  |                               0*cm 0*cm -18.48*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_16  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_16  |                              0*cm 0*cm -18.256*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_17  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_17  |                              0*cm 0*cm -18.032*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_18  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_18  |                              0*cm 0*cm -17.808*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_19  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_19  |                              0*cm 0*cm -17.584*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_20  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_20  |                               0*cm 0*cm -17.36*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_21  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_21  |                              0*cm 0*cm -17.136*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_22  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_22  |                              0*cm 0*cm -16.912*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_23  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_23  |                              0*cm 0*cm -16.688*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_24  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_24  |                              0*cm 0*cm -16.464*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_25  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_25  |                               0*cm 0*cm -16.24*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_26  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_26  |                              0*cm 0*cm -16.016*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_27  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_27  |                              0*cm 0*cm -15.792*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_28  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_28  |                              0*cm 0*cm -15.568*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_29  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_29  |                              0*cm 0*cm -15.344*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_30  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_30  |                               0*cm 0*cm -15.12*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_31  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_31  |                              0*cm 0*cm -14.896*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_32  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_32  |                              0*cm 0*cm -14.672*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_33  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_33  |                              0*cm 0*cm -14.448*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_34  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_34  |                              0*cm 0*cm -14.224*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_35  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_35  |                                  0*cm 0*cm -14*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_36  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_36  |                              0*cm 0*cm -13.776*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_37  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_37  |                              0*cm 0*cm -13.552*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_38  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_38  |                              0*cm 0*cm -13.328*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_39  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_39  |                              0*cm 0*cm -13.104*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_40  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_40  |                               0*cm 0*cm -12.88*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_41  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_41  |                              0*cm 0*cm -12.656*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_42  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_42  |                              0*cm 0*cm -12.432*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_43  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_43  |                              0*cm 0*cm -12.208*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_44  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_44  |                              0*cm 0*cm -11.984*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_45  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_45  |                               0*cm 0*cm -11.76*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_46  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_46  |                              0*cm 0*cm -11.536*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_47  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_47  |                              0*cm 0*cm -11.312*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_48  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_48  |                              0*cm 0*cm -11.088*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_49  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_49  |                              0*cm 0*cm -10.864*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_50  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_50  |                               0*cm 0*cm -10.64*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_51  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_51  |                              0*cm 0*cm -10.416*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_52  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_52  |                              0*cm 0*cm -10.192*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_53  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_53  |                               0*cm 0*cm -9.968*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_54  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_54  |                               0*cm 0*cm -9.744*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_55  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_55  |                                0*cm 0*cm -9.52*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_56  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_56  |                               0*cm 0*cm -9.296*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_57  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_57  |                               0*cm 0*cm -9.072*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_58  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_58  |                               0*cm 0*cm -8.848*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_59  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_59  |                               0*cm 0*cm -8.624*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_60  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_60  |                                 0*cm 0*cm -8.4*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_61  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_61  |                               0*cm 0*cm -8.176*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_62  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_62  |                               0*cm 0*cm -7.952*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_63  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_63  |                               0*cm 0*cm -7.728*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_64  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_64  |                               0*cm 0*cm -7.504*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_65  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_65  |                                0*cm 0*cm -7.28*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_66  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_66  |                               0*cm 0*cm -7.056*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_67  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_67  |                               0*cm 0*cm -6.832*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_68  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_68  |                               0*cm 0*cm -6.608*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_69  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_69  |                               0*cm 0*cm -6.384*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_70  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_70  |                                0*cm 0*cm -6.16*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_71  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_71  |                               0*cm 0*cm -5.936*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_72  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_72  |                               0*cm 0*cm -5.712*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_73  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_73  |                               0*cm 0*cm -5.488*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_74  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_74  |                               0*cm 0*cm -5.264*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_75  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_75  |                                0*cm 0*cm -5.04*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_76  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_76  |                               0*cm 0*cm -4.816*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_77  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_77  |                               0*cm 0*cm -4.592*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_78  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_78  |                               0*cm 0*cm -4.368*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_79  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_79  |                               0*cm 0*cm -4.144*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_80  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_80  |                                0*cm 0*cm -3.92*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_81  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_81  |                               0*cm 0*cm -3.696*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_82  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_82  |                               0*cm 0*cm -3.472*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_83  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_83  |                               0*cm 0*cm -3.248*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_84  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_84  |                               0*cm 0*cm -3.024*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_85  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_85  |                                 0*cm 0*cm -2.8*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_86  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_86  |                               0*cm 0*cm -2.576*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_87  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_87  |                               0*cm 0*cm -2.352*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_88  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_88  |                               0*cm 0*cm -2.128*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_89  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_89  |                               0*cm 0*cm -1.904*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_90  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_90  |                                0*cm 0*cm -1.68*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_91  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_91  |                               0*cm 0*cm -1.456*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_92  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_92  |                               0*cm 0*cm -1.232*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_93  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_93  |                               0*cm 0*cm -1.008*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_94  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_94  |                   0*cm 0*cm -0.784000000000002*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_95  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_95  |                   0*cm 0*cm -0.560000000000002*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_96  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_96  |                   0*cm 0*cm -0.336000000000002*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_97  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_97  |                   0*cm 0*cm -0.112000000000002*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_98  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_98  |                    0*cm 0*cm 0.111999999999998*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_99  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_99  |                    0*cm 0*cm 0.335999999999999*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_100  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_100  |                    0*cm 0*cm 0.559999999999999*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_101  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_101  |                    0*cm 0*cm 0.783999999999999*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_102  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_102  |                                0*cm 0*cm 1.008*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_103  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_103  |                                0*cm 0*cm 1.232*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_104  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_104  |                                0*cm 0*cm 1.456*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_105  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_105  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 1.68*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_106  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_106  |                                0*cm 0*cm 1.904*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_107  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_107  |                                0*cm 0*cm 2.128*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_108  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_108  |                                0*cm 0*cm 2.352*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_109  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_109  |                                0*cm 0*cm 2.576*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_110  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_110  |                                  0*cm 0*cm 2.8*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_111  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_111  |                                0*cm 0*cm 3.024*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_112  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_112  |                                0*cm 0*cm 3.248*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_113  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_113  |                                0*cm 0*cm 3.472*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_114  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_114  |                                0*cm 0*cm 3.696*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_115  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_115  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 3.92*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_116  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_116  |                                0*cm 0*cm 4.144*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_117  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_117  |                                0*cm 0*cm 4.368*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_118  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_118  |                                0*cm 0*cm 4.592*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_119  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_119  |                                0*cm 0*cm 4.816*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_120  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_120  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 5.04*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_121  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_121  |                                0*cm 0*cm 5.264*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_122  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_122  |                                0*cm 0*cm 5.488*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_123  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_123  |                                0*cm 0*cm 5.712*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_124  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_124  |                                0*cm 0*cm 5.936*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_125  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_125  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 6.16*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_126  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_126  |                                0*cm 0*cm 6.384*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_127  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_127  |                                0*cm 0*cm 6.608*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_128  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_128  |                                0*cm 0*cm 6.832*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_129  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_129  |                                0*cm 0*cm 7.056*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_130  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_130  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 7.28*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_131  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_131  |                                0*cm 0*cm 7.504*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_132  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_132  |                                0*cm 0*cm 7.728*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_133  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_133  |                                0*cm 0*cm 7.952*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_134  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_134  |                                0*cm 0*cm 8.176*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_135  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_135  |                                  0*cm 0*cm 8.4*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_136  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_136  |                                0*cm 0*cm 8.624*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_137  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_137  |                                0*cm 0*cm 8.848*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_138  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_138  |                                0*cm 0*cm 9.072*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_139  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_139  |                                0*cm 0*cm 9.296*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_140  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_140  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 9.52*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_141  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_141  |                                0*cm 0*cm 9.744*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_142  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_142  |                                0*cm 0*cm 9.968*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_143  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_143  |                               0*cm 0*cm 10.192*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_144  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_144  |                               0*cm 0*cm 10.416*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_145  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_145  |                                0*cm 0*cm 10.64*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_146  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_146  |                               0*cm 0*cm 10.864*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_147  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_147  |                               0*cm 0*cm 11.088*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_148  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_148  |                               0*cm 0*cm 11.312*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_149  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_149  |                               0*cm 0*cm 11.536*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_150  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_150  |                                0*cm 0*cm 11.76*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_151  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_151  |                               0*cm 0*cm 11.984*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_152  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_152  |                               0*cm 0*cm 12.208*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_153  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_153  |                               0*cm 0*cm 12.432*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_154  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_154  |                               0*cm 0*cm 12.656*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_155  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_155  |                                0*cm 0*cm 12.88*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_156  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_156  |                               0*cm 0*cm 13.104*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_157  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_157  |                               0*cm 0*cm 13.328*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_158  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_158  |                               0*cm 0*cm 13.552*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_159  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_159  |                               0*cm 0*cm 13.776*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_160  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_160  |                                   0*cm 0*cm 14*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_161  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_161  |                               0*cm 0*cm 14.224*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_162  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_162  |                               0*cm 0*cm 14.448*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_163  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_163  |                               0*cm 0*cm 14.672*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_164  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_164  |                               0*cm 0*cm 14.896*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_165  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_165  |                                0*cm 0*cm 15.12*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_166  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_166  |                               0*cm 0*cm 15.344*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_167  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_167  |                               0*cm 0*cm 15.568*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_168  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_168  |                               0*cm 0*cm 15.792*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_169  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_169  |                               0*cm 0*cm 16.016*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_170  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_170  |                                0*cm 0*cm 16.24*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_171  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_171  |                               0*cm 0*cm 16.464*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_172  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_172  |                               0*cm 0*cm 16.688*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_173  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_173  |                               0*cm 0*cm 16.912*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_174  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_174  |                               0*cm 0*cm 17.136*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_175  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_175  |                                0*cm 0*cm 17.36*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_176  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_176  |                               0*cm 0*cm 17.584*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_177  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_177  |                               0*cm 0*cm 17.808*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_178  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_178  |                               0*cm 0*cm 18.032*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_179  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_179  |                               0*cm 0*cm 18.256*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_180  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_180  |                                0*cm 0*cm 18.48*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_181  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_181  |                               0*cm 0*cm 18.704*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_182  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_182  |                               0*cm 0*cm 18.928*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_183  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_183  |                               0*cm 0*cm 19.152*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_184  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_184  |                               0*cm 0*cm 19.376*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_185  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_185  |                                 0*cm 0*cm 19.6*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_186  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_186  |                               0*cm 0*cm 19.824*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_187  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_187  |                               0*cm 0*cm 20.048*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_188  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_188  |                               0*cm 0*cm 20.272*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_189  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_189  |                               0*cm 0*cm 20.496*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_190  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_190  |                                0*cm 0*cm 20.72*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_191  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_191  |                               0*cm 0*cm 20.944*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_192  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_192  |                               0*cm 0*cm 21.168*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_193  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_193  |                               0*cm 0*cm 21.392*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_194  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shower  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_194  |                               0*cm 0*cm 21.616*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 80ff77   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.112*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_1  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_1  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_1  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_2  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_2  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_2  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_3  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_3  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_3  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_4  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_4  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_4  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_5  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_5  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_5  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_6  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_6  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_6  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_7  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_7  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_7  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_8  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_8  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_8  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_9  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_9  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_9  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_10  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_10  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_10  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_11  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_11  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_11  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_12  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_12  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_12  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_13  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_13  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_13  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_14  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_14  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_14  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_15  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_15  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_15  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_16  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_16  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_16  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_17  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_17  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_17  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_18  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_18  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_18  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_19  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_19  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_19  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_20  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_20  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_20  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_21  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_21  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_21  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_22  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_22  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_22  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_23  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_23  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_23  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_24  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_24  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_24  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_25  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_25  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_25  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_26  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_26  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_26  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_27  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_27  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_27  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_28  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_28  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_28  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_29  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_29  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_29  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_30  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_30  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_30  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_31  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_31  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_31  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_32  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_32  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_32  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_33  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_33  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_33  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_34  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_34  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_34  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_35  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_35  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_35  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_36  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_36  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_36  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_37  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_37  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_37  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_38  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_38  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_38  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_39  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_39  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_39  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_40  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_40  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_40  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_41  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_41  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_41  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_42  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_42  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_42  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_43  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_43  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_43  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_44  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_44  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_44  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_45  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_45  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_45  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_46  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_46  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_46  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_47  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_47  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_47  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_48  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_48  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_48  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_49  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_49  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_49  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_50  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_50  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_50  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_51  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_51  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_51  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_52  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_52  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_52  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_53  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_53  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_53  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_54  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_54  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_54  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_55  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_55  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_55  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_56  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_56  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_56  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_57  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_57  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_57  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_58  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_58  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_58  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_59  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_59  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_59  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_60  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_60  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_60  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_61  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_61  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_61  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_62  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_62  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_62  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_63  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_63  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_63  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_64  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_64  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_64  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_65  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_65  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_65  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_66  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_66  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_66  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_67  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_67  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_67  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_68  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_68  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_68  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_69  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_69  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_69  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_70  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_70  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_70  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_71  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_71  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_71  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_72  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_72  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_72  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_73  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_73  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_73  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_74  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_74  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_74  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_75  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_75  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_75  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_76  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_76  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_76  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_77  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_77  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_77  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_78  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_78  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_78  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_79  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_79  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_79  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_80  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_80  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_80  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_81  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_81  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_81  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_82  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_82  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_82  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_83  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_83  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_83  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_84  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_84  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_84  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_85  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_85  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_85  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_86  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_86  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_86  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_87  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_87  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_87  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_88  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_88  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_88  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_89  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_89  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_89  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_90  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_90  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_90  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_91  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_91  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_91  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_92  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_92  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_92  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_93  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_93  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_93  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_94  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_94  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_94  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_95  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_95  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_95  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_96  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_96  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_96  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_97  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_97  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_97  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_98  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_98  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_98  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_99  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_99  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_99  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_100  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_100  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_100  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_101  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_101  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_101  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_102  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_102  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_102  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_103  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_103  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_103  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_104  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_104  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_104  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_105  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_105  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_105  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_106  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_106  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_106  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_107  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_107  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_107  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_108  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_108  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_108  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_109  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_109  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_109  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_110  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_110  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_110  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_111  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_111  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_111  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_112  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_112  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_112  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_113  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_113  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_113  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_114  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_114  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_114  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_115  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_115  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_115  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_116  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_116  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_116  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_117  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_117  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_117  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_118  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_118  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_118  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_119  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_119  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_119  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_120  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_120  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_120  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_121  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_121  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_121  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_122  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_122  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_122  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_123  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_123  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_123  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_124  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_124  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_124  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_125  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_125  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_125  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_126  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_126  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_126  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_127  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_127  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_127  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_128  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_128  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_128  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_129  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_129  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_129  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_130  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_130  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_130  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_131  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_131  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_131  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_132  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_132  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_132  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_133  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_133  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_133  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_134  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_134  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_134  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_135  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_135  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_135  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_136  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_136  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_136  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_137  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_137  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_137  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_138  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_138  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_138  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_139  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_139  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_139  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_140  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_140  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_140  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_141  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_141  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_141  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_142  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_142  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_142  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_143  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_143  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_143  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_144  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_144  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_144  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_145  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_145  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_145  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_146  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_146  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_146  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_147  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_147  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_147  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_148  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_148  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_148  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_149  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_149  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_149  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_150  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_150  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_150  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_151  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_151  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_151  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_152  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_152  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_152  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_153  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_153  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_153  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_154  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_154  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_154  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_155  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_155  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_155  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_156  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_156  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_156  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_157  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_157  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_157  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_158  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_158  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_158  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_159  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_159  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_159  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_160  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_160  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_160  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_161  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_161  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_161  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_162  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_162  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_162  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_163  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_163  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_163  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_164  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_164  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_164  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_165  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_165  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_165  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_166  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_166  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_166  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_167  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_167  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_167  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_168  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_168  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_168  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_169  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_169  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_169  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_170  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_170  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_170  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_171  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_171  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_171  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_172  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_172  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_172  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_173  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_173  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_173  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_174  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_174  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_174  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_175  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_175  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_175  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_176  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_176  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_176  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_177  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_177  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_177  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_178  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_178  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_178  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_179  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_179  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_179  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_180  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_180  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_180  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_181  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_181  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_181  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_182  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_182  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_182  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_183  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_183  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_183  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_184  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_184  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_184  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_185  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_185  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_185  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_186  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_186  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_186  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_187  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_187  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_187  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_188  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_188  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_188  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_189  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_189  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_189  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_190  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_190  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_190  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_191  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_191  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_191  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_192  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_192  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_192  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_193  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_193  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_193  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_194  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_194  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_lead_194  |                               0*cm 0*cm -0.087*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.025*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_1  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_1  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_1  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100001 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_2  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_2  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_2  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100002 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_3  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_3  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_3  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100003 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_4  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_4  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_4  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100004 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_5  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_5  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_5  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100005 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_6  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_6  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_6  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100006 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_7  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_7  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_7  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100007 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_8  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_8  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_8  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100008 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_9  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_9  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_9  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100009 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_10  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_10  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_10  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100010 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_11  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_11  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_11  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100011 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_12  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_12  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_12  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100012 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_13  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_13  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_13  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100013 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_14  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_14  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_14  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100014 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_15  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_15  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_15  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100015 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_16  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_16  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_16  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100016 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_17  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_17  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_17  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100017 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_18  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_18  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_18  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100018 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_19  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_19  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_19  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100019 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_20  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_20  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_20  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100020 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_21  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_21  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_21  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100021 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_22  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_22  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_22  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100022 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_23  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_23  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_23  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100023 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_24  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_24  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_24  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100024 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_25  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_25  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_25  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100025 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_26  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_26  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_26  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100026 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_27  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_27  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_27  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100027 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_28  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_28  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_28  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100028 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_29  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_29  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_29  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100029 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_30  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_30  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_30  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100030 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_31  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_31  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_31  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100031 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_32  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_32  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_32  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100032 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_33  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_33  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_33  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100033 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_34  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_34  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_34  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100034 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_35  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_35  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_35  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100035 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_36  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_36  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_36  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100036 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_37  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_37  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_37  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100037 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_38  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_38  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_38  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100038 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_39  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_39  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_39  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100039 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_40  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_40  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_40  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100040 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_41  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_41  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_41  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100041 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_42  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_42  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_42  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100042 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_43  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_43  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_43  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100043 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_44  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_44  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_44  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100044 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_45  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_45  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_45  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100045 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_46  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_46  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_46  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100046 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_47  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_47  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_47  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100047 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_48  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_48  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_48  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100048 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_49  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_49  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_49  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100049 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_50  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_50  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_50  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100050 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_51  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_51  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_51  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100051 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_52  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_52  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_52  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100052 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_53  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_53  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_53  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100053 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_54  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_54  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_54  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100054 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_55  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_55  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_55  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100055 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_56  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_56  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_56  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100056 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_57  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_57  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_57  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100057 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_58  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_58  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_58  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100058 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_59  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_59  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_59  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100059 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_60  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_60  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_60  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100060 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_61  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_61  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_61  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100061 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_62  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_62  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_62  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100062 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_63  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_63  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_63  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100063 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_64  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_64  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_64  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100064 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_65  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_65  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_65  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100065 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_66  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_66  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_66  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100066 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_67  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_67  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_67  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100067 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_68  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_68  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_68  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100068 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_69  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_69  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_69  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100069 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_70  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_70  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_70  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100070 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_71  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_71  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_71  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100071 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_72  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_72  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_72  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100072 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_73  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_73  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_73  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100073 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_74  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_74  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_74  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100074 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_75  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_75  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_75  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100075 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_76  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_76  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_76  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100076 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_77  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_77  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_77  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100077 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_78  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_78  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_78  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100078 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_79  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_79  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_79  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100079 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_80  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_80  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_80  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100080 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_81  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_81  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_81  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100081 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_82  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_82  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_82  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100082 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_83  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_83  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_83  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100083 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_84  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_84  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_84  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100084 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_85  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_85  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_85  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100085 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_86  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_86  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_86  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100086 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_87  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_87  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_87  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100087 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_88  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_88  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_88  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100088 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_89  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_89  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_89  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100089 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_90  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_90  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_90  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100090 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_91  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_91  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_91  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100091 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_92  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_92  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_92  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100092 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_93  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_93  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_93  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100093 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_94  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_94  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_94  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100094 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_95  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_95  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_95  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100095 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_96  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_96  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_96  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100096 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_97  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_97  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_97  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100097 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_98  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_98  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_98  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100098 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_99  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_99  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_99  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100099 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_100  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_100  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_100  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100100 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_101  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_101  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_101  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100101 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_102  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_102  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_102  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100102 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_103  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_103  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_103  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100103 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_104  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_104  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_104  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100104 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_105  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_105  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_105  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100105 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_106  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_106  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_106  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100106 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_107  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_107  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_107  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100107 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_108  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_108  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_108  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100108 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_109  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_109  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_109  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100109 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_110  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_110  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_110  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100110 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_111  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_111  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_111  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100111 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_112  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_112  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_112  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100112 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_113  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_113  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_113  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100113 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_114  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_114  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_114  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100114 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_115  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_115  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_115  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100115 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_116  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_116  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_116  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100116 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_117  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_117  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_117  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100117 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_118  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_118  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_118  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100118 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_119  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_119  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_119  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100119 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_120  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_120  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_120  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100120 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_121  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_121  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_121  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100121 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_122  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_122  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_122  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100122 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_123  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_123  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_123  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100123 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_124  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_124  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_124  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100124 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_125  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_125  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_125  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100125 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_126  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_126  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_126  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100126 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_127  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_127  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_127  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100127 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_128  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_128  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_128  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100128 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_129  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_129  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_129  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100129 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_130  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_130  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_130  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100130 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_131  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_131  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_131  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100131 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_132  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_132  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_132  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100132 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_133  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_133  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_133  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100133 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_134  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_134  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_134  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100134 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_135  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_135  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_135  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100135 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_136  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_136  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_136  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100136 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_137  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_137  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_137  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100137 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_138  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_138  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_138  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100138 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_139  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_139  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_139  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100139 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_140  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_140  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_140  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100140 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_141  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_141  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_141  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100141 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_142  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_142  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_142  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100142 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_143  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_143  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_143  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100143 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_144  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_144  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_144  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100144 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_145  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_145  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_145  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100145 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_146  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_146  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_146  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100146 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_147  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_147  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_147  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100147 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_148  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_148  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_148  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100148 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_149  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_149  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_149  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100149 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_150  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_150  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_150  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100150 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_151  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_151  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_151  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100151 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_152  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_152  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_152  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100152 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_153  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_153  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_153  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100153 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_154  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_154  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_154  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100154 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_155  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_155  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_155  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100155 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_156  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_156  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_156  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100156 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_157  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_157  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_157  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100157 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_158  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_158  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_158  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100158 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_159  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_159  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_159  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100159 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_160  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_160  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_160  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100160 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_161  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_161  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_161  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100161 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_162  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_162  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_162  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100162 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_163  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_163  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_163  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100163 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_164  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_164  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_164  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100164 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_165  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_165  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_165  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100165 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_166  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_166  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_166  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100166 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_167  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_167  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_167  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100167 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_168  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_168  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_168  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100168 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_169  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_169  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_169  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100169 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_170  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_170  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_170  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100170 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_171  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_171  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_171  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100171 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_172  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_172  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_172  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100172 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_173  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_173  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_173  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100173 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_174  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_174  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_174  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100174 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_175  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_175  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_175  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100175 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_176  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_176  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_176  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100176 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_177  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_177  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_177  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100177 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_178  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_178  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_178  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100178 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_179  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_179  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_179  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100179 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_180  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_180  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_180  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100180 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_181  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_181  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_181  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100181 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_182  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_182  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_182  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100182 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_183  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_183  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_183  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100183 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_184  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_184  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_184  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100184 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_185  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_185  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_185  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100185 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_186  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_186  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_186  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100186 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_187  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_187  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_187  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100187 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_188  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_188  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_188  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100188 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_189  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_189  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_189  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100189 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_190  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_190  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_190  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100190 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_191  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_191  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_191  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100191 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_192  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_192  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_192  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100192 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_193  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_193  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_193  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100193 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_194  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_layer_194  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_194  |                                0*cm 0*cm 0.025*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                         83*cm 140*cm 0.075*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100194 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shield  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_shield  |                             0*cm 0*cm -66.2417*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0000ff   |                Tube  |                        83*cm 140*cm 0.5137*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Pb  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_0  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_scint_0  |                              0*cm 0*cm -64.728*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | f1ffe1   |                Tube  |                             83*cm 140*cm 1*cm 0*deg 360*deg  | SL_ec_ScintillatorB  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |            solid_ec  |            solid_ec  |                       id manual 3100000 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_support  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_support  |                              0*cm 0*cm -62.728*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 123456   |                Tube  |                             83*cm 140*cm 1*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |               G4_Al  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_virtualplane_front  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_virtualplane_front  |                                0*cm 0*cm -66.8*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | CC6633   |                Cons  |           75*cm 144*cm 75*cm 144*cm 0.0005*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |         G4_Galactic  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                flux  |                flux  |                       id manual 3210000 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_virtualplane_inner  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_virtualplane_inner  |                                  0*cm 0*cm -40*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | CC6633   |                Cons  |             75*cm 75.1*cm 88*cm 88.1*cm 25*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |         G4_Galactic  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                flux  |                flux  |                       id manual 3230000 
solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_virtualplane_rear  |                root  |solid_SIDIS_ec_largeangle_virtualplane_rear  |                                  0*cm 0*cm -14*cm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | CC6633   |                Cons  |           89*cm 144*cm 89*cm 144*cm 0.0005*cm 0*deg 360*deg  |         G4_Galactic  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                flux  |                flux  |                       id manual 3240000 
